Homebrew 2.5.0 (#519)
Homebrew/brew.sh: _posts/2020-09-04-homebrew-2.5.0.md

---
title: 2.5.0
author: MikeMcQuaid
---
Today I'd like to announce Homebrew 2.5.0. The most significant changes since 2.4.0 are better `brew cask` integration, license support and API deprecations.

Major changes and deprecations since 2.4.0:

> - Many `brew cask` [commands](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8387) [have](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8302) - [been](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8387) (@MLH-Fellowship)

Reviewer: None of the other PRs linked have their author specified.

> - Many `brew cask` [commands](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8387) [have](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8302) - [been](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8387) (@MLH-Fellowship)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Many `brew cask` [commands](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8387) [have](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8302) [been](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8387)
```

 replaced with `brew` commands and are deprecated. This continues our goal of better integration between `brew` and `brew cask` commands.
- [Most Homebrew/homebrew-core formulae have their licenses stored and audited](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/7762).
- [`brew typecheck` provides the beginnings of Homebrew's use of Sorbet for type-checking](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8289).
- [Homebrew is currently experimenting with GitHub Discussions as a possible replacement for Discourse](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8570).
- [`brew livecheck` has moved from its own tap to a Homebrew command and part of Homebrew/homebrew-core formulae](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8180).

> - [`brew bump` is a new command using `brew livecheck` and Repology output to outdated formualae in Homebrew/homebrew-core](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/7834).

Reviewer: There's a missing word here between "output to" and "outdated formulae", but I'm bleary eyed so I don't know what it should be. Maybe "check for"?

Author: ```suggestion
- [`brew bump` is a new command using `brew livecheck` and Repology to output outdated formualae in Homebrew/homebrew-core](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/7834).
```

- [Homebrew on Linux is moving towards a pure-Ruby ELF reading and writing implementation](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/7213).
- [Various other Homebrew (mostly internal) APIs have been deprecated](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8513)

Other changes since 2.4.0 I'd like to highlight are the following:

- [`brew sh` has a non-interactive mode](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8482).
- [Disabled and deprecated formulae require a reason (to better explain to users)](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8512).
- [`brew bump-revision` accepts multiple formulae](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8358).
- [`brew cask --help` output is supported for all `brew cask` commands](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8239).

> - [audit: add --tap argument.](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8231).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`brew audit` now has a `--tap` argument](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8231).
```

- [`brew tap-new` makes use of Homebrew's custom GitHub Actions (which are also used by Homebrew CI)](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8210).
- [`brew audit` is passing and mandatory for all changes on Homebrew/homebrew-core](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8153).

> - [`brew update-python-resources` is a new command that can be used to upgrade resources on Python formulae](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8059).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`brew update-python-resources` is a new command that can be used to upgrade dependencies in Python formulae](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/8059).
```
